a king there's no friends only followers
and fault in their chapter my life has
begun this prince I spent my days
drinking clowning
now I find myself the king choose your
steps wise eat dear brother they have
their own kingdoms behind their eyes I
need men around me I can trust
you are my friend I will come with you
now you'll be washed over vinyls here
the different King France is taunting us
they were my father's enemies not mine
the screams of young men
sir led me to sleep at night you will
not topple this king henry v of england
you so underestimate are you ready for
it awaits us
or his bloody and scholars this is hope
pieces form do you feel this sense of
achievement surrender to me
King of England are you scared already I
can feel the weight of this crown I wear
[Music]